\documentclass[12pt, letterpaper]{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[margin = 1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{amsmath, amssymb, amsthm}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{tabularray}
\usepackage[labelfont=bf, skip=5pt, font=small]{caption}
\usepackage{subcaption}
\usepackage{graphicx, float}
\graphicspath{{images/}}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage[style=chem-acs, articletitle=true]{biblatex}
% \addbibresource{references.bib}




\setlength{\parskip}{1em}
\setlength{\parindent}{0em}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
	\huge{Hops River Radio Club}\\[10pt]
	\large{May 2025 Meeting Minutes}
\end{center}
\rule{\textwidth}{0.5pt}
	\noindent Members in Attendance: Christian, KD0POO; Mary, WX1W; Lisa, KB1RVU; George, K1YBO; Alex, N1SIX;

\rule{\textwidth}{0.5pt}

Called to Order: \textbf{18:30}
\section{Old Business}
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Member Update
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Don will probably not make it to field day.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Treasury
        \begin{itemize}
            \item $\mathdollar 558$ in the Treasury
            \item Insurance due at the end of summer $\sim \mathdollar200$
            \item 13 Active members, 30 on the membership list.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Nets
        \begin{itemize}
            \item 2m net is going well and people are having a lot of fun. Averaging 5-9 members. Lisa is stepping down from net control in mid-July. If anyone is interested, they should contact Lisa.
            \item 
        \end{itemize}
    \item Field Day
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Mary has paper goods for field day, but people need to bring food.
            \item Mary and Dave grabbed a couple of ARRL fliers for the event to fill in local event details.
            \item Someone has a club sign to put in the lawn for advertisement (Mary?)
            \item Happening at the Andover Senior Center, 17 School Rd. Andover, CT.
            \item Someone should order a sandwich platter from Walmart/BJ's
            \item What about snacks?
            \item Logging? ARRL might have paper logs someone could print off
            \item Mary is bringing a generator, but we might not use for our contest designation.
        \end{itemize}
\end{enumerate}

\section{New Business}
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Member Update
        \begin{itemize}
            \item George Freeman having issue with water in his antenna. The club should reach out to help him
            \item Has anyone followed up with Carrol Bowen, KB1EMJ, to see if she received the tech manual sent by Joe, N1EAI.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Treasury
        \begin{itemize}
            \item No change, but reimbursements from field day to come
        \end{itemize}
    \item Nets
        \begin{itemize}
            \item 2m net is going well and people are having a lot of fun. Averaging 5-9 members. Lisa is stepping down from net control in mid-July. If anyone is interested, they should contact Lisa.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Field Day
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Dave AC1K, Mary WX1W, Alex N1SIX, Steve NK1V, Christian KD0POO, Don K1IN were in attendance with several guests visiting throughout the day. Weather was beautiful for operation. 4 stations set up for operation - 2 phone, 1 cw, and 1 digital.
            \item Dave handling log submission.
            \item Pictures sent around by Alex
            \item Maybe look into overnight next year
        \end{itemize}
    \item Events
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Coordinate with other people in the club for future events and maybe use the club call.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Anniversary
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Update the club logo for the 10 year anniversary? Possibly something that identifies with Andover
            \item New apparel with a new logo?
        \end{itemize}
\end{enumerate}

Meeting End: \textbf{19:22}
\end{document}