\documentclass[12pt, letterpaper]{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\usepackage[margin = 1in]{geometry}
\usepackage{amsmath, amssymb, amsthm}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{tabularray}
\usepackage[labelfont=bf, skip=5pt, font=small]{caption}
\usepackage{subcaption}
\usepackage{graphicx, float}
\graphicspath{{images/}}
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\usepackage[style=chem-acs, articletitle=true]{biblatex}
% \addbibresource{references.bib}




\setlength{\parskip}{1em}
\setlength{\parindent}{0em}

\begin{document}

\begin{center}
	\huge{Hops River Radio Club}\\[10pt]
	\large{January 2026 Meeting Minutes}
\end{center}
\rule{\textwidth}{0.5pt}
	\noindent Members in Attendance: Christian, KD0POO; Mary, WX1W; Lisa, KB1RVU; Dave, AC1K; Karl, N1KJK; Steve, NK1V; Lora, KC1YCM

\rule{\textwidth}{0.5pt}

Called to Order: \textbf{18:26}

\section{Old Business}
    \begin{enumerate}
    \item Member Update
        \begin{itemize}
            \item  Bill, KC1RUB, has been doing well. Relayed to Alex that he found out WJST-x released a new software and has been operating with it actively.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Treasury
        \begin{itemize}
            \item No update from Steve.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Nets
        \begin{itemize}
            \item No updates.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Anniversary
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Karl has a contact, Leanne Peters, who may be able to convert the club's proposed logo into something that can easily be embroidered. Mary also suggested reaching out to Pat, designed the previous club logo.
        \end{itemize}
    \item General
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Antenna build party for Lisa's 2m antenna. An email with details to follow.
            \item Karl asked about multi-band dipole options and layout suggestions for his property. Suggestions included a G5RV and a G5RV Jr.
            \item Lisa asked if the club was going to do winter field day.
            \item Lisa also inquired about a club POTA outing/demo for those who have never participated. Maybe those interested in POTA could tag along with Steve and see how an activation works.
            \item Karl asked if there is interested in him sourcing steel and welding drive-on antenna mast mounts.
        \end{itemize}
    \end{enumerate}

\section{New Business}
    \begin{enumerate}
    \item Member Update
        \begin{itemize}
            \item  No updates
        \end{itemize}
    \item Treasury
        \begin{itemize}
            \item $\mathdollar 466$ in the bank account.
            \item Insurance due in September/October.
        \end{itemize}
    \item Nets
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Anyone want to pick-up the net-control for the two-meter net?
            \item Maybe have people take turns (first and third or maybe once a month)?
        \end{itemize}
    \item General
        \begin{itemize}
            \item Approach the town of Andover about having field day at the senior center in June. Maybe two days this year - tearing down overnight?
            \item Christian set-up a GitHub repository to post the meeting minutes online. They'll send out the link with this month's meeting minutes.
        \end{itemize}
    \end{enumerate}

    \textbf{\Large{Next Club Meeting is 11 February 2026.}}

    Meeting end: \textbf{19:07}
\end{document}